hey everybody today I'm gonna show you
how to make some super crispy fried
chicken southern style
first thing you want to do is what I'm
using here is some wings and some thigh
and leg quarters okay all you do is get
you knife chopping babies up real good
here don't cut yourself and ever want a
seasonal salt pepper garlic powder is
what I use and then I tossed them real
good in the bow my hand just tossed the
bowl up and down and then I do the other
side exactly the same way okay now once
I get that done I'm going to put in two
cups of regular Greek yogurt you might
think what yeah they've been doing this
for years regular Greek yogurt rubber
down in there get it all mixed in there
the best you can and when you got it in
there I want you to fill the rest of the
hot up with whole milk okay just regular
whole milk you don't have to have
buttermilk or know that stuff and we're
gonna go just like I did with my fish if
you saw that video we're gonna go in the
refrigerator for six hours I mean you
got the time do it in the morning let it
sit its tenderizing it it's making all
those flavors get in there it's gonna
make it so crunchy and delicious okay
there's what it looks like six hours
later
all right now once you get out I don't
knock anything off I just kind of move
it around make sure everything got good
and soaked and then I go over here and I
throw me about two or three cups of
regular all-purpose flour and a pan or a
bowl as you can see and there's one
whole tablespoon of sea salt and one
whole tablespoon of garlic powder and a
bunch of black pepper now you can put as
much of that on there as you want to and
I also add cayenne okay now you can add
more Cayenne right there for a more
spicier chicken this is pretty mild kids
can eat it you know what I'm saying like
this so you want to stir it all up
really really good there and make sure
take the time to get in there and
completely mix it because that is the
taste that your chicken is gonna tap
when you bite into the crust and now I
come straight out of the yogurt and go
straight into the flour mixture and I
don't do a lot of shaking off or nothing
I just kind of move it like that let's
set it on the side over there and I'll
get another piece here and show you just
like so that's one of the wings without
a leg on it there I mean without that
little flap that's totally useless I'm
gonna do it for you okay and I think I
got me a leg here coming up next oh yeah
where are your leg there it is okay now
do my leg okay now once you get all your
pieces coded you've got to have hot oil
y'all don't go in with no cold oil
it's got to be 375 degrees all right now
once you know it's 375 degrees I want
you to take your chicken and be careful
and put it in the oil okay
just like so and when you get about half
of that amount of chicken that I was
cooking there in your pot don't touch it
don't touch it until it starts to get a
nice color to it you know I'm saying I
mean it needs to be some brownness that
you can see okay like that see it's
starting to turn brown now once you
reach in there and just kind of touch
them around a little bit don't do
anything major and what you're trying to
do at this point is make sure that none
of your pieces of chicken are stuck
together okay and this is this is
getting brown or in brown as you can see
and remember this is i fast-forwarded
this so you don't see all the cooking
and when it gets to be that color that's
where I like mine right there that color
I take it out this time serve it up
folks
okay I take it what I do is I take it
from there and put it on a paper towel
on the plate drain it and then serve it
there you go everybody there it is my
juicy crispy southern fried chicken
recipe oh yeah baby now this is a very
crispy recipe okay you might go wow that
is crispy well it is it's very crispy
y'all I want you just look how juicy and
delicious this looks and it was
delicious
oh you have me there y'all give this a
try if you would and give me any likes
and subscribes and pass it on to your
best friend
the autumn unnie and I really truly hope
you guys have an awesome awesome day for
sure it's springtime in Texas I'm hoping
but you never know about Texas by